What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When we initialize a repository, git creates a history file ".git" to track history of any file in the repository.
We need to do it to maintain the history of our file in a new repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is an intermediate stage of repository and working directory. It contains the files that we want to commit.
The staging area let us decide what files we want to update in the next commit to the repository

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
We can use git diff --staged to check if we have modified only one logic since the latest commit or not using staging 
area

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
When we want to try out some new logic or different way of a logic, branches would be helpful in keeping the original code
safe. 

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Diagrams helps a lot in understanding the flow of our project by visualization, by diagram, we can actually get to know
where we are going with the project

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
By merging the two branches together we can add the new features or bug fixes to the main or another branches, we represent 
it in the diagram like that because we are merging a branch into a main branch(master branch), one of the branch should 
remain active

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually
Pros of Git's automatic merging are that we don't need to manually add lines of codes at different places to merge different
branches
Con of the automatic merging is that sometimes it may add unwanted changes to the code to other branch

pro of the manual merge is that we can decide what changes we need in our application and we can merge as per our desire
con of the manual merging is that we need to manually check lines of codes and add or remove them, this takes lots of effort
