When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
When I want to share my work with others or when i am working on a shared project, I will use remote repository rather than keeping
all my work local.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
When working on a collaborating project, we may want to clarify the changes done on the last commit before pulling it to the local 
repository, so pulling manually may be a better way.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Clone is the Copy of a repository on the server(Github) to our local computer. When we want to work on some repositories but don't want to add into the repository on the server, then we ca use Clone of that repository.
Branch is a saperate classification of a repository, when we want to add a new feature or work on something without disturbing the main code commits, we can use the branch.
Fork is a copy of someone else's repository on the github itself, When we want to work on someone else's application without disturbing it's flow, we can fork it to our account and work on it.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
By having a copy of the last state of the remote stored locally, we can get to know if we are improvising the code in a correct flow of the remote, and having a copy of the remote removes the need of the internet connection constantly

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Without Git or Github, it would be very frustrating collaborating with others, I could work on common LAN server so that each of us could see each other's work review it. Using Git and GitHub is much easier.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
When I am not sure about the changes i am going to make is going to work or not, or when i am going to try out a new feature or trying to fix a complex bug, I would like to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master.
When we make changes in new branch, we are not much worried about getting our currently working functionality to be disturbedm so that we can work more confidently.
When we make changes directly to the master, we don't need to worry about the conflicts while committing the changes.